Update section about Productivity Allowance (#290)
niteoweb/handbook: 5_People/benefits.md

## Productivity Allowance

The Productivity Allowance is a monthly budget that, coupled with common sense, can be used to pay for any expenses that you believe can improve your mental health, physical health, or productivity. It can not be used to buy things that could potentially be dangerous to you. Also, make sure to leave enough Allowance to be able to participate in conferences or replace equipment if anything breaks.

Here's a real-world example list of what Niteans have spent their Allowances on:

> transportation, food/drinks, and accommodation related to conferences or IRL meetups, HDD disks, smartphones, phone bills, technical courses, english courses, meetups, books, apps, smartwatches, air diffusers, laptops, computer components, mice and keyboards, varius cables and chargers, stationery, suitcases, portable SSD's, powerbanks, headphones, Raspberry Pi's, monitors, donations, domain names, internet connections, chairs, desks, coworking spaces, routers, yoga mats, board games, gym memberships, iPads, Apple Pencils, Yubikeys, swimming pool tickets, blenders, physiotherapy, 3D printers, scanners, and running shoes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transportation, food/drinks, and accommodation related to conferences or IRL meetups, HDD disks, smartphones, phone bills, technical courses, English courses, meetups, books, apps, smartwatches, air diffusers, laptops, computer components, mice and keyboards, various cables and chargers, stationery, suitcases, portable SSD's, power banks, headphones, Raspberry Pi's, monitors, donations, domain names, internet connections, chairs, desks, coworking spaces, routers, yoga mats, board games, gym memberships, iPads, Apple Pencils, Yubikeys, swimming pool tickets, blenders, physiotherapy, 3D printers, scanners, and running shoes.
```
